README.md, before:

# DomeProjectionMapping
This repo will guide you on how to can create your own full dome experience. This will be done with Nivida Qudro T1000 graphics card and 4 projectors or screens.

## What is Dome Projection Mapping?
Dome projection mapping is a technique that involves projecting visual content, such as images or videos, onto the curved surface of a dome. This allows for the transformation of the dome's appearance by creating dynamic and immersive visual experiences. The content is carefully aligned and adjusted to fit the dome's unique shape, resulting in stunning visual displays that can envelop the audience and create captivating environments. Dome projection mapping is often used in planetariums, immersive art installations, entertainment events, and architectural displays to create visually mesmerizing and immersive experiences.

## Material required.
1. Multiple projectors to cover the entire dome.
2. A PC with multiple outputs (1 for each projector).
4. A projection mapping software (Vioso, NespMap, DomeProjection.com).
5. A camera and fisheye lens.

## Materials I have used.
1. 4 Opotoma X306ST Short Throw Projectors.
2. A PC with 2 T1000 Nvidia Graphics card.
3. 4 HDMI cables & 8 HDMI to mini DP adapters.
4. Canon EOS 5D Mark IV Body.
5. Canon EF 8-15mm f/4L Fisheye USM.
6. EOS Webcam Utiliy Software.
7. NestMap Software [NestMap](https://nestimmersion.ca/nestmap.php).
8. NestPlay Lite (You get it free with nestmap purchase)

#### Note:- If you are connecting projectors to 2 different graphics cards then NestMap will give you problems. So make sure you connect all projectors to 1 graphics card.

## Steps.

### Step 1:
Set all four projectors in such a way that the entire dome is covered. It is OK if projection goes outside of the dome, your [NestMap](https://nestimmersion.ca/nestmap.php) software will take care of it.

Commit message:

Added step 2 to README.md

README.md, after:

# DomeProjectionMapping
This repo will guide you on how to can create your own full dome experience. This will be done with Nivida Qudro T1000 graphics card and 4 projectors or screens.

## What is Dome Projection Mapping?
Dome projection mapping is a technique that involves projecting visual content, such as images or videos, onto the curved surface of a dome. This allows for the transformation of the dome's appearance by creating dynamic and immersive visual experiences. The content is carefully aligned and adjusted to fit the dome's unique shape, resulting in stunning visual displays that can envelop the audience and create captivating environments. Dome projection mapping is often used in planetariums, immersive art installations, entertainment events, and architectural displays to create visually mesmerizing and immersive experiences.

## Material required.
1. Multiple projectors to cover the entire dome.
2. A PC with multiple outputs (1 for each projector).
4. A projection mapping software (Vioso, NespMap, DomeProjection.com).
5. A camera and fisheye lens.

## Materials I have used.
1. 4 Opotoma X306ST Short Throw Projectors.
2. A PC with 2 T1000 Nvidia Graphics card.
3. 4 HDMI cables & 8 HDMI to mini DP adapters.
4. Canon EOS 5D Mark IV Body.
5. Canon EF 8-15mm f/4L Fisheye USM.
6. EOS Webcam Utiliy Software.
7. NestMap Software [NestMap](https://nestimmersion.ca/nestmap.php).
8. NestPlay Lite (You get it free with nestmap purchase)

#### Note:- If you are connecting projectors to 2 different graphics cards then NestMap will give you problems. So make sure you connect all projectors to 1 graphics card.

## Steps.

### Step 1:
Set all four projectors in such a way that the entire dome is covered. It is OK if projection goes outside of the dome, your [NestMap](https://nestimmersion.ca/nestmap.php) software will take care of it. The projector will be visible in the NestMap Software

### Step 2:
Set up your camera in such a way that the whole dome can be seen through the lens, then connect your camera to your PC. Remember to install EOS Webcam Utility. You will also have to Select EOS Webuitlity in NestMap.
